so hey I just literally woke up I'm
gonna go go take the top the Black
Mountain today it's kind of a plan yeah
we gotta figure out how I'm gonna take
the camera out there I'm gonna bring
some water I think it's gonna be about
seven miles roundtrip and it's pretty
steep going up so let's see what happens
all right I got charged up this camera I
want to run out of batteries All Right
see you in a little bit so at the bottom
of the hill I had to park in a weird
place it's kind of worried my car might
be towed we'll see what happens
hopefully hopefully everything's okay
yeah I'll show you where we're going
hold on
and you can't see crap really that's at
the top of that hill
some radio towers up there that's where
we're going
and there's my path it's actually
Memphis path I was intending to take so
I'm hoping it's gonna work
we'll find out as you Carly here quite a
bit out of breath already
mm yeah that's where I came from down
there see that Street it's right over
there that's my car something I was
driving next to it I think he might be
coming up here too maybe it could be it
all right cool
here's stuff like a heart I might have
company yeah that's not far I've came
this is how far I still have to go those
antennas way up there so how maybe 10 20
percent of my way there oh and I forgot
to bring my GPS which kind of bums me
out
yeah it's something to get like a real
accurate you know measurements my eyes
your home like to be like I've watched
six point seven for miles
but I guess I don't have that all right
so okay
I'm a little freaked out number of times
I got no trespassing or a little bit
crazy
I'm also I'm already pretty damn tired
the road goes up there there's anything
of some way I don't know what's going on
sir Las Vegas Valley see it I went over
that hill right there when really I
could have just walked up this little
thing here so it's kind of pissed me off
when much easier just to walk up here
then go over that tower and back down
that's sort of a waste of time I'm gonna
try to hike up a little bit more but I'm
a little freaked out
also I'm just plain tired so we'll see
what happens
all right so talked about 30 feet
there's where those signs are give it up
damn it
it's just
where's your heart this roads going
I just straight-up
oh you know how cars can do it
so maybe there's Australia's
stratosphere whatever yep yeah it's buzz
best I can do you know at home yep
so yeah gonna make it all the way up you
know things happened still have pretty
good views up there but I really wanted
to see what the view look like from the
top there's an awesome quote in Fear and
Loathing in Las Vegas going up the hill
and looking west probably post that up
see you guys and see that yeah I really
wish I could make it I'm a little afraid
of getting hurt running a marathon in a
few months
don't to get hurt doing something silly
like climbing up a hill all right peace